# Sensor-Hub

__Purpose:__ The purpose of this design is to start with an idea and see it to completion. Realistically, this sensor hub serves no real purpose, as it is mainly a way for me to begin initial schematic design and layout. This design tackles a multitude of areas that needed to be practiced, such as component selection, power distribution, and further acquiring data from datasheets.

This system utilizes an STM32L100 chip with an active reset and boot mode toggle, USB-B receptacle, onboard sensors, which include light intensity, humiditiy, and ambient temperature, an SD card, SWD breakout pins, a +5V to +3.3V linear voltage regulator, a screw terminal to fit a +5V battery with a protective eFuse, and a battery recharge circuit.

__Lessons learned:__ One of the most valuable lessons learned while progressing through this project is to fully understand what the system needs and whether or not those needs can be met. This means providing proper current, minimizing voltage drop due to trace length/width, and also understanding return current. Another notable lesson is that sometimes designs can be a little weird due to component placement. From my experience, the initial component placement will not result in the greatest system, as my original design had a voltage drop of 0.4V in the 3.3V line due to excessive trace lengths. Lastly, I learned that more time needs to be spent on designing the power side in terms of component selection AND feasibility. For instance, the design was originally only USB powered, which made no real sense as these kinds of sensors need to be flexible in terms of placement. Because of this reasoning, a battery was implemented with a battery recharge and a protective eFuse.
